docs: add default org-wide Code of Conduct (#17)
siemens/.github: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

## Our Pledge

We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our
community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body
size, visible or invisible disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender
identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status,
nationality, personal appearance, race, caste, color, religion, or sexual
identity and orientation.

We pledge to act and interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming,
diverse, inclusive, and healthy community.

## Our Standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to a positive environment for our
community include:

* Demonstrating empathy and kindness toward other people
* Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences
* Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback
* Accepting responsibility and apologizing to those affected by our mistakes,
  and learning from the experience
* Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but for the overall
  community

Examples of unacceptable behavior include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery, and sexual attention or advances of
  any kind

> * Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks

Reviewer: Hm, is political attacks meant as targeting an individual? Would it make sense to distinguish misbehavior targeting individuals and groups? Or probably something along the line of 

> Trolling, insulting, derogatory comments, personal and political attacks

as a simple enumeration of unacceptable behavior?

* Public or private harassment

> * Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or email address,
>   without their explicit permission

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Publishing others' private information, such as opinions received over private channels,
  or private data like physical or email address, age, political orientation etc. without their explicit permission
```

Reviewer 3: I like that a lot 👍

* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a

>   professional setting

Reviewer 2: Sorry for being a little late here, feel free to ignore, no blockers from my side! I would have two formal points: I would try to sort this list by probability and thus would move the "sexual" point way down as this is nothing I've seen in open source projects so far (in contrast to social media etc.) while e.g. insulting is unfortunately still quite common.

Author: I guess that might be more personal making it less visible in public. But I've reshuffled this a bit, thanks!

## Enforcement Responsibilities

Community leaders are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of
acceptable behavior and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any behavior that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive,
or harmful.

Community leaders have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject
comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are
not aligned to this Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for moderation
decisions when appropriate.

## Scope

This is the default Code of Conduct for all repositories within the `siemens`
organization on GitHub.com.

It does not apply for repositories that have their own Code of Conduct. It also

> does not apply for forks where you should follow the upstream Code of Conduct,

Reviewer: Hm, as it's IMO implicit, shouldn't there be an explicit wording about the "direction" of forks?:
1. upstream forks, i.e., forks in `github/siemens` cloned from some upstream source
2. downstream forks, i.e., forks from `github/siemens` repos hosted in some downstream repo

Reviewer: Nitpicking, but it says it doesn't apply to repos having their own CoC, then restating the same for forks, i.e., repos forked into the `github/siemens` namespace, so it's redundant? So, just saying 

> It does not apply for repositories that have their own Code of Conduct.

does include the cases as we cannot control downstream forks of `github/siemens` repos and don't overrule CoCs from repos we fork/clone and host in `github/siemens`. What about the the remaining case: an upstream repo has no CoC but is forked into `github/siemens`?

Author: Regarding downstream forks: we already state this only applies to projects in this namespace only, so that's clear to me it can't apply outside, but I'll try to come up with a better wording.

And for the second case I'd say the same and keep it as is - most forks are meant for contributions back upstream. It'd be a bit presumptuous to automatically apply our own CoC to those even if upstream is missing one. If a fork has a different purpose IMO best to have an explicit file there. WDYT?

* Public or private harassment
* Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or email address,
  without their explicit permission
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting

## Enforcement Responsibilities

Community leaders are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of
acceptable behavior and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any behavior that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive,
or harmful.

Community leaders have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject
comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are
not aligned to this Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for moderation
decisions when appropriate.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all community spaces, and also applies when
an individual is officially representing the community in public spaces.
Examples of representing our community include using an official email address,
posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed
representative at an online or offline event.

> This is the default Code of Conduct for all repositories within the `siemens`

Author: I added this with b5a537da08e38d00eba16f166ad2faae9926dfc7 based on the same text in our security policy. Thought it'd fit best in the existing Scope section but not sure if it's buried too deep in here, WDYT @fgreinacher?

Reviewer 3: I think it's perfect here.

Just wondering whether we could get rid of the chapter above "This Code of Conduct applies within all community spaces, [...], or acting as an appointed
representative at an online or offline event.". It feels a bit too vague for me.

Author: Good point, removed that part. It's also less duplicated like this and we already have `If you are unsure whether the Code of Conduct applies feel free to reach out..` below so that should keep things clear.

Reviewer 4: > Community leaders have the right and responsibility to remove, edit

Having the right to edit comments is quite problematic, as the edit is not easily recognizable. IMHO. I vote for removing "edit".

Author: @fmoessbauer edits are actually much more visible and auditable. See this thread:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/adc8b2a3-1b5a-499b-8022-27d5620bcae3)

I'd keep it as that's the default from the CC CoC and it's also a bit nicer to edit comments than just flat out remove them if they're not completely out of line.

Reviewer 4: Ok, but can you also see the old content? If not, I’m still against allowing edits.

Author: Yes, each version is preserved with a little diff. But I'm ok either way, let's see what others say :)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bc3e4669-e4a8-4cc6-8585-789b8ee430a1)

Reviewer 3: I agree that editing is preferable, unless we really want to get fully rid of something (e.g. a leaked secret or a totally misplaced comment).

Reviewer 2: Also note that this also applies to commits which you often inevitably edit when resolving conflicts, etc. – something which is also often hard or impossible to track afterwards (when branches are deleted etc.).  So I think this point needs to stay.
